hey good morning family I'm excited to
be with you all again today you know
I've taken some time to pray and I've
been seeking the Lord about 2024 you
know and and
and I I don't take this lightly speaking
to you all like this and and telling you
all what's coming and and and um and and
warning you about the Father's Heart
what what what what's going on in the
spirit realm you know and I like I said
I've just been taking some time just
seeking him I uh getting the word more
and just not allowing all the the
pressure of life to try to uh squash out
the voice you know this has been a trip
for me I mean you know I I just started
this YouTube channel in March and it's
been like a fire hose the last couple of
weeks uh of just all the stuff just
coming and um not not necessarily always
good you know but I just want to I just
want to take some time I have a hard
word to give again and
um uh you
know I'm going to say it like this the
Lord's called me to say the hard things
y'all and it's not always easy being me
you know but I'm going to tell you
exactly what's going on regardless of
all this other crap you're hearing on
the other platforms and that's what I'm
going to tell you it's pure crap after
St sitting before the father last
night um and getting the download that I
got I I I hope you all still stick
around because I'm going to tell you the
truth what's coming and you you all need
to hear it and so here it goes I was
praying before and uh just like I always
do and um I felt I felt the heaviness
coming on
me it was it was um
very intense intercessory
prayer and all of a sudden I know when
the Lord's about to speak now because I
feel it it's like a bubble bubble bubble
bubble up inside of me prophetically and
so I told my son I said get the recorder
out right now cuz I don't want to forget
anything he's going to
talk and all of a sudden the word of the
Lord came up to me and I started I saw a
vision and I saw a preachers standing
behind the pulpits now holy spirit ask
you to deliver it the just the way you
delivered it the first time thank
you I saw preachers standing behind the
pulpit and they had oil this smooth
liing looking oil all over their
mouth and it was dripping from their
lips and they had roaches and bugs
crawling in and out of their mouth and
laying upon their lips bugs and they
were crawling in their teeth and the
bugs were crawling in and out of their
mouth and they would lay upon their lips
as they would
speak and they had a um you know like a
shrer like in their eyes they were their
motives behind what they were preaching
was all
um selfish
gain trying to appease the ear of the
people then I saw ears on the people and
I could see their ears were just being
all these these these Whispers of of the
things that were happening in the spirit
were just were just the pacifying them
everything is going to be good all
things are are going to work for your
good for those that love the Lord they
they were speaking the word but they
were not speaking what God was on God's
heart they were speaking things but they
weren't speaking things to make you grow
and I saw these these these these like I
said bugs coming out of their teeth and
out of their
mouth and I looked to I looked across
the land of
America and there were babies with
diapers on all throughout the land there
was nobody with backbone they were all
like they were they were all really
lethargic babies that had diapers on
these Pampers and I saw you know
whenever you see soil diapers the smell
that rises up in like cartoons like the
the smell of the the the O odor from the
diaper all the babies had soil diapers
on and there were flies buzzing around
those babies and the babies were crying
they were crying and they were all
like please I change my
diaper and they were literally thousands
and thousands and thousands of babies
full of dirty diapers and the preachers
were not teaching
them and the Lord spoke to me and he
said
Brandon the the preachers are not
teaching the mil the meat of the word to
grow grow my children up into adult
stature and he said therefore he said
there is going to be a great shifting
upon the land he said I there you have
raised your noses they have raised their
noses towards me with a stiff
neck and their noses were pointed up
towards God I saw a pride that was upon
the people and he said there's a pride
upon the people and they have a a stench
before me therefore what is coming you
have there's prophecies going forth
about a great Revival about a great
harvest about all these things but
judgment comes comes in the house of the
Lord first and therefore there will be a
great shifting take place and there will
be what what call what people call a
great icabod come upon the
land he said I have told you this before
but there will be a a great ikabod come
upon the land what would be what would
seem about it but I will never leave you
and I will never see nor will I forever
sake you but there will be a shifting
and he said a a shaken come to the body
and I saw I saw a a a box a slof sloof
box you know like a that shifts dirt
from the gold and I and I saw these
these this this manure and dirt and all
this this debris inside this box and I
and he said you have to shift the box
and he showed me him shift SI sifting
the box and shaking the gold as it falls
to the ground to to the top and the dirt
was falling to the ground and gold was
Rising but it come through a great
shaking he said you have to shake all
the debris and all the stuff off so that
the gold will
rise and then he said I want you to
focus on the great squala tree out in
California he said I want you to focus I
saw he said the seed does not produce
until there is great fire upon it and it
will will be released when there is fire
upon it and he said you will be like the
great sequ tree that grows its roots
down deep and and and and I saw uh a
fire coming upon the land but it was
like a fire of of of of of refiner fire
not a a physical fire a refiner fire and
I saw the Refiner's Fire Burning upon
the seed and all of a sudden the ground
I saw the ground from from from from far
as the eye could see was completely
charred was tested by fire and in this
tested by fire then I saw New Growth new
new green grass growing upon the because
the weeds and all the stuff was burnt up
and I saw green new new flowers
beautiful new things coming I
saw those those sequal plants being
planted and growing up because of the
fire and the testing that was coming
upon the people and I saw the Lord told
me he showed me as a a a a a like like I
tell you all I see calendars sometimes
and he shows me things like in Windows
of time and I saw a time of testing
coming I saw times of of hardship coming
upon the people I saw the Glorious
Church rising in uh the a a a a a window
of time with great great Glory I saw an
outpouring of the spirit of God and
healings and manifestations of the glory
Beyond anybody's
comprehension but he said the church is
not ready for this he said he said there
must be Holiness and and and
righteousness preached back in the
pulpits to shake the people to teach
them how to stand on the meat of the
word not on the Milk of the word there's
too many babies and therefore there will
be a great shaking coming and like I
said then all of a sudden I saw people
that were um that were that he said you
call me Lord Lord you call me savior you
call me your friend he said I do not
know you for your heart is far from me
and I saw people that were he said and
just like Peter that said um that he
would never deny me he said he denied me
three times and therefore there will be
a lot of you that just when pressure
comes and this great Trials come some
some of them the shiftings and the and
the refining fire comes on them he said
you will you have called me Lord Lord
but you will deny me three times just
like and like Peter did and he said
there will be a great shifting in this
and he said there will be a great
falling away for the ones that call me
Lord Lord that really truly made me Lord
of their life and made me savior over
them there therefore they will rise up
out of that out of the that that fire
and that that that that refining and he
said they will those are the ones that
will have pess to walk for before me uh
in these end times did I not say in my
word he said that though in the end many
will come to me saying did I not
prophesy in your name did I not lay
hands on the sick in your name did I not
do all the cast out devils in your name
and he said depart from me I never knew
you those scriptures are true and they
are alive and they are going forth and
they will the this will happen do you
understand those were prophecies that
God spoke and said it before the before
the beginning of time look at the words
that are coming to pass all men's Hearts
will fill them for fear for for what's
coming upon the Earth they will be a
lover of thems there is it is coming
upon the land even more even a greater
greater greater loving of self they have
itching ears their hearts their heart
hearts are full of of of of of G and and
and and um evilness but the Lord says
he's bringing forth a Refiner's Fire and
many will say it is a great kabad many
will say what's coming is a great kabad
but it is not an ibod it is refining and
I don't I like I said I'm not coming on
here to give you an inching ear uh word
today to tell you everything is always
going to be good for some folks but I'm
going to tell you if you're walking with
the Lord right now you'll lack nothing
you'll lack nothing everything will
always be okay with you if you are
already walking with him if you're
walking through that Refiner's Fire if
you're walking through St standing
before him righteous and listening to
him every day and praying and seeking
his face daily and reading his word and
and having fellowship with him he you
the word said I'll never see the
righteous forsaken or his seed begging
bread think about what he's saying and
many of you all say well I'm righteous
no you're not you're walking in
uncompromised and I'm coming to tell you
there's a lot of you that are babies
just like he told me and the babies are
upon the land and the preachers have
been preaching you a a a smooth smoothie
oily roaches filled
word they ain't teaching you how to
stand you come to this Channel and I'm
going to tell you Jesus loves you he
loves you but he wants you to grow up he
wants you to put your big boy pants on
or or big girl pants on and and and walk
with him stop being these little
babies get a spine to you stand for what
the word says repent turn from your
wicked ways you you got to
turn it's intercession starts to hit me
again you've got to repent and turn
because Jesus is coming you've got to
get your heart right before him because
Jesus is coming and you ain't ready and
I'm going to try to tell you all you've
got to get righteous before him you got
to get you the blood you got to come out
in communion and and pray and live a
righteous lifestyle and stop living like
the world if there's no difference
between you and the world and and you're
standing in a lineup in a prison lineup
and they look at you would they be able
to decipher between the world and and
the church
are we able to be the light and the salt
in this end times are we standing out or
we blending in do we have a
righteousness about our face do we have
that Holy Ghost glow that people see us
and they want to repent and they see us
and they say there's something different
about us or are we just like them we're
called to stand out I'm trying to tell
you something y'all you better hear me
I'm trying to tell you what the Father's
Heart is truly
he even was upset about things that I've
said always telling you good things you
know I I try to speak to the remnant but
I know I have a lot of babies on my
channel and I'm trying to tell you it's
time to get in the word it's time to
memorize that scripture it's time to
turn from your wicked ways you know a
lot of people say turn or burn turn or
burn you need to turn turn separate
yourself you say well I I I I want to
live the way I want to live that's what
he's talking about you have a you have a
nose that's turned up to him go Google
what that means to have a nose that
turned up before the father having your
nose turned up or a stiff neck you're
not able to be to be able to be changed
and CH and created to be like him
because you thinking in your own
thoughts this is the way I want to be
this is the way I want to act so I just
want to tell you all what the Lord is
saying and yet you're hearing a lot of
things that are that are all sugarcoated
but I'm telling you a shaking is coming
I'm telling you a great great great
shaking is coming and it's not all about
America I want you to understand a lot
of people have a lot of Pride saying
well it's about America and America and
America but we're not even 10% of the
world's population the world is going to
shake the world is going to shake the
bride of Christ is not
America America is a fraction do you
understand we are just a we are just a
little bit of a sliver of the population
of the world compared to the world but
I'm telling you a great shaking is
coming to the
world I come on here to tell you what
the Lord
says and it's very
heavy it's a very heavy thing to
do I have people pulling on me a lot I'm
thankful for this calling I'm thankful
for to be able to come on here and tell
you the hard things I'm thankful for the
people that will listen but you will all
will listen soon you all will hear it
soon there's earthquakes coming you know
there there I've told you to be prepared
I've told you to have food ready I've
told you to have water ready I've told
you to to be if you're in an area that
is in a fault lines you need to have
your stuff ready you need to listen to
me there's a great shiting coming to
this earth the earth is trembling the
Earth is shaking because this cup of sin
is full and I'm trying to warn
you that the the people that are
righteous there's a lot of good people
on this channel that love the Lord with
all their heart and I'm not talking to
you I want to give you hope though and I
want to tell you in the midst of this
you'll never be forsaken you're never
going to be the righteous will never be
forsaken nor a seed will beg and bread
he said he'll always provide for you he
will always take care of you your hearts
for him and we're going to walk in the
glory they're going to walk in the glory
and and the and the Revival like we've
never seen before there is a mighty move
of the spirit of God coming upon this
Earth but I'm telling you that there's
too many um there's too much compromise
and there's going to be a shifting of
it so I hope I hope uh I hope this this
was
I I did I did my
job so I I tell you I tell you what he
says to say so I pray for you all father
I just thank you Lord for every single
person that's represented here today I
thank you Lord that there there's a
stirring inside of their Spirit father I
thank you Lord for a supernatural fire
that's on their life to come up higher I
thank you Lord that we are we are not
afraid of the circumstances around us
but we are putting our eyes on you and
we're getting our hearts right before
you and we seek you father and we don't
have a nose that's turned up towards you
we don't have a stiff neck we're humble
and we humble ourselves to you father
and we seek you and we thank you Lord
that you have our lives in your hand and
Great and Mighty Works will you
do you said that
Lord and I thank you Father that we are
going to do the great works we're going
to be ready for you our lamps are full
of oil our hearts and our eyes are
seeking you daily we're seeking you for
you said the eyes of the Lord are
running to and fro throughout the whole
earth looking for a heart who's perfect
towards
me father I thank you Lord that your
eyes are falling upon my house today I
thank you Father that your eyes rest
upon us that your eyes are not H are not
busy looking because you found me you
found me in my house we seek you
father create in us a Clean Heart Lord
give us a pure heart before you father
create in US father what you're looking
for I thank you Lord that we humble
oursel before you God our eyes and our
our minds think like what we're supposed
to think we seek you we anoint we anoint
ourself with oil we our cup runneth over
surely goodness and mercy will follow us
all the days of our life and we will
dwell in the house of the Lord
forever father we thank you Lord for
your blood we thank you Lord for your
righteousness we thank you Lord for how
good you've been to us you are so good
to
us father I'm not moved by what I see
I'm not moved by what I feel I'm moved
by what the word says and father we just
give you praise and glory for it right
now in the name of Jesus and we we
humble oursel before you father
we humble
ourself and we we worship
you you are good and your mercy endures
forever Lord you are good and your mercy
endures
forever and we worship you today
Father we worship
you thank you Lord that our marriages
are strong our children are healthy I
thank you Lord we take authority over
sickness and disease and over all kinds
of uh back issues and brain issues and T
turmoil in their
minds I just saw somebody right now
you've been tormented with
double-mindedness it's like a split
personality it's almost like you feel
trapped I it's like I see somebody who
is trapped it's almost like in a mirror
it's very strange what I just saw but
this is a demonic spirit that has
attached itself to
you you stare at yourself in the mirror
and and it's almost like you have a it's
a split
personality father I thank you that
you're setting this person free right
now in the name of Jesus we command that
devil to release them right now and let
them go
you Spirit of Torment we command you to
release their mind right now in Jesus
name angels of the Lord manifest and
make war against this demonic Force we
command you to release them right now we
command it to go to the dry places you
go to the the the the the dry places
right now you demonic spirits that have
attached yourself to this person we
command them free by the blood of the
lamb and by the word of the
testimony we break that off of them
right
now now fill that with I just saw an
empty Cavern right then after we calling
that devil to leave you have to fill and
renew your mind with the word so that
that's not empty no more or they going
to come back eight more you better
listen to me you be free but you've got
to feel your word mind back up with the
word you've got to fill it back up fill
it back up fill it back up and it's not
just a one-time process you've got to do
this daily you've got to get in the word
daily and fill that mind up with the
word fill your your your mind your will
and your emotions Spirit soul and
body thank you Father thank you you
father I saw I see I see right now I see
somebody you're overcoming some kind of
colon cancer your it's in your
intestines you've got intestinal cancers
in your
intestines and I'm telling you right now
you're getting there there is a like a
rotor rter is cleaning you out and I
call your colon healed and whole and
well in Jesus name all throughout your
tested all throughout your your your
digestive system a complete healing and
wholeness of all these little PPS and
all this stuff going on inside of you I
call you healed and whole and well in
the name of Jesus completely delivered
like a rotor rooters cleaning those
out oh I see it right now you're going
to release them in your stool through
the waist and don't freak out if there
if there's blood in your stool right now
it's going to clean you out like a root
rer all those little things you're going
to pass them in your way in your waist
it's going to come out of
you that's actually kind of gross but
it's it's is the truth and that's what
the Lord showed me in a vision you can
go to the bathroom when you clean it's
going to come out of you it's going to
be roor rer you're going to clean it out
in Jesus name all those little tumors
those little little things are coming
out of you right now in the name of
Jesus I call you healed and whole and
well in the name of Jesus from the top
of your head to the soles of your feet
oh I just saw pancreatic cancer be
healed and whole in the name of Jesus
pancreas be healed and ho and well in
Jesus name from the top of your head of
the soulos of your feet every Cancer
cell you're healed and ho and well from
that and delivered from cancer of the
pancreas in Jesus name completely set
free from cancer from the
pancreas it's it's kind of trying to
spread over even on on your liver I
spray over your liver right now in the
name of Jesus delivered from this
delivered from this demonic this demonic
cancer I command you to release it right
now in Jesus name get out of their body
cancer
go new pancreas new liver new new area
all throughout those Ducks be healed and
whole and well in Jesus
name Great Mighty Holy
Spirit great physician you
are healed and whole and well in the
name of Jesus from the top of their head
to the soles of their feet it's tried to
spread it's tried to spread but that is
gone that is
gone in Jesus name we call good reports
over them we call healing and wholeness
and wellness Deliverance in jesus' name
with long life you'll satisfy them and
show them your salvation in Jesus name
in Jesus name healing and holess and
wellness and we take authority over the
spirit of fear over
death we take authority over that Spirit
of death right now in Jesus name fear of
De dying fear the torment of death fear
has torment but perfect love cast out
all
fear we call Peace that passes all
understanding over you right now you're
crying I see you you're healed and whole
and well be of good
cheer more life more life life giving
Faith Life Giving F in your flesh
life it would be Health to all their
flesh Health his word is Health to all
the flesh meditate on the word meditate
on the
word
in Jesus
name somebody has emotional trauma that
was abused by relatives
sexually I call restoration over your
life
H I call you restored in jesus' name and
your mind you're
tormented I call you delivered from this
in Jesus name the torment of Shame the
torment of
Shame no more shame in Jesus name
there's nothing for you to be sh you did
nothing
wrong they try to make it like well you
you you were the problem you you brought
it on yourself that's a lie from the pit
of Hell you did nothing wrong way you
dressed or whatever they they had a
spirit of perversion and the devil the
devil can't come to try to kill still
and destroy your life and he he lost
that demonic spirits of depression and
things that're linked on the Lord
setting you free right now I call you
free from that in Jesus name that
torment you did nothing wrong hun the
Lord Jesus Christ set you free right now
from the top of your head to the soul
you feel fire is going through your body
right now fire I saw fire go through you
right now fire of the Holy Ghost go
through right now in the name of Jesus
delivering them from that and we call
you free from it right
now I don't know who you are but Jesus
Christ loves
you you start seeing people's stuff
man
some people have so much
hurt Jesus loves
you you've been dealing with that for a
long
time Jesus loves
you father I thank you the peace the
pass understanding is over
them you help them right now and Jesus
said
I peace he said Peace I leave with you
my peace I give to
you oh
Jesus anything else Holy
Spirit Lord we just thank you for all
that you've done for the these people
today you I just saw this somebody's
dealing with alcoholism concerning this
holiday
season I take authority over the spirit
of alcoholism right now in Jesus name
you
drinking listening to sad
music stop feeding that stop feeding
that depression like that put some Joy
on put some put some happiness on feed
on the word get in the word shake that
off don't have that heaviness on you
it's a choice yeah it's a demonic Spirit
trying to latch on to you because of the
holidays things are going on and you
have some sadness stuff yeah but Jesus
has come to set you
free don't feed on that no more that's a
demonic Spirit trying to get a
stronghold in your life drinking don't
be drinking don't do this no more get in
the word get in the word and put on some
a Garment of Praise for a spirit of
heaviness put on some worship praise and
worship get that fool in your house get
get set free from all that you don't
have don't let the dev will get
stronghold in your life this is a joyous
time Jesus came and he set the captives
free he was
born in a manger and he came for you and
me Jesus loves you all well that's what
I have for you today put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart Jesus
loves you so much and we love you thank
you for being a part of this YouTube
Channel please if you could click that
like and notification bell ring that
Bell and and and and click and comment
down below if this video bless you put a
smile on your face song on your heart
Jesus loves you so much and we will see
you next time have a blessed day y'all
bye-bye